Create Bundler March Updates (#516)
rubygems/bundler-site: source/blog/2020-04-27-march-monthly-update.html.markdown

---
title: "March Bundler Update"
date: 2020-04-27
tags:
author: Gift Egwuenu
---

> Welcome to the Bundler monthly update! As part of our efforts at [Ruby Together](http://rubytogether.org), we publish a recap of the work that we've done the previous month. Read on to find out what updates were made to Bundler in March.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Welcome to the Bundler monthly update! As part of our efforts at [Ruby Together](https://rubytogether.org), we publish a recap of the work that we've done the previous month. Read on to find out what updates were made to Bundler in March.
```

Amazingly, all that work that the entire Bundler and RubyGems teams have been working at for years has paid off in a really big way: Bundler and RubyGems have merged repositories! On GitHub, `bundler/bundler` is archived, and all ongoing work on both projects now takes place inside `RubyGems/RubyGems`. All other repositories from the Bundler organization have either been archived (if unused) or moved to the RubyGems organization.

Not just the repositories have changed, either: the Bundler and RubyGems teams have merged as well. It’ll take us some time to work through 20 years worth of documentation and webpages, but we’ll be combining and updating them as fast as we can.

From this point forward, Bundler news will be reported together with RubyGems news. Hooray! 🎉

---

> Interested in contributing to Bundler? We always welcome contributions in the forms of triaging bugs, adding new features, writing docs, and engaging with the wider community. Visit the [Bundler Contributor Guidelines](https://github.com/bundler/bundler/blob/master/doc/contributing/README.md) on GitHub to get started. Don’t have time to contribute, but want to support our work? Sign up as a member of [Ruby Together](https://rubytogether.org/) to help fund our work to keep Bundler working for everyone.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Interested in contributing to Bundler? We always welcome contributions in the forms of triaging bugs, adding new features, writing docs, and engaging with the wider community. Visit the [Bundler Contributor Guidelines](https://github.com/rubygems/rubygems/tree/master/bundler/doc/contributing) on GitHub to get started. Don’t have time to contribute, but want to support our work? Sign up as a member of [Ruby Together](https://rubytogether.org/) to help fund our work to keep Bundler working for everyone.
```
